The first step in creating this preview was deciding on a topic. I knew I wanted to pick an environmental topic but I wasn’t sure how I could create an interesting visual argument. Eventually I decided to pair coronavirus and air pollution together into one argument to make a point about the dangers of breathing polluted air. After deciding this, I researched some facts to put on my image. I tried to center most of these around the idea of deaths caused by air pollution. I mostly did this to tie into the gravestone design idea I had. I’m still not sure if I’m going to make the entire image in the shape of a gravestone or keep the current background I have. In addition to the factual text I tried to come up with an overarching statement to describe my image’s argument. I came up with a few potential sentences and asked some of my peers to rate them for me which is how I decided on “let’s not make masks permanent”. After deciding on the basic design I began gathering images for the project and adding them into gimp. While first starting in gimp I encountered a grayscale issue that made it extra challenging to change the color of the other images I added so because of this I ended up starting over once which fixed the issue. Additionally, once I was able to work with my images more easily I changed the color of some of the words on my image to make them stand out more. I also added a man with a colorful mask and some smoke to represent air pollution. My next step in this project is to learn how to use masks to edit leaves onto the left side of the tree that slowly fade towards the right side. I also need to fix some of the smoke that hangs off the gravestone into the background. 
