For my first full draft of this project the first thing I did was to learn how to do a mask in gimp so that I could get rid of the smoke that was hanging off of the tombstone in my preview. I then decided to add some grass into the image. I found both alive and dead grass and put each image on the corresponding side of the image. The alive grass was put on the left side (which in this case is the side that represents life) and the dead grass was put on the right side. The right side is also where I placed the smoke and the man in the preview and in the case of this image it is the unhealthy/dead/polluted side. Additionally, I also used masks in gimp to layer a second tree overtop of my dead tree. I then erased the alive tree off of the right side and allowed it to remain above the dead tree on the left side. I also played around with the gradient in the background of the image and eventually decided to make the entire background transparent so that the gravestone shape made up the image itself. In addition to the changes I kept, I also experimented with different ways of trying to put leaves on the alive side of the tree and I tried using the paintbrush tool to color the grass rather than using two separate images. Despite trying these edits they weren’t kept in the final form of this draft since I felt they didn’t fit the image very well. Overall, the hardest part of this draft was getting used to gimp and learning some of the new tools it offers. Personally, I found the mask tool to be somewhat confusing to learn. In my final draft I may add more elements to the image however I think that may make it overcrowded so instead I may just touch up some elements in the image and potentially make some changes to the font and color scheme.
