For my final draft I started by looking at the feedback I received. The two main points I noticed were that my font didn’t fully fit the rest of the image and that there were some rough edges I needed to fix up. I started by cleaning up the mask on the tree. By doing this I was able to get rid of all the brown from the alive tree that had previously shown through. After merging the mask I also used the eraser tool to clean up some of the oddly shaped leaves. I then changed the mode of the smoke layer and lowered its opacity so that it went over the tree instead of behind it and I feel like this made it look more natural and also helped clarify that the smoke (air pollution) is the reason the tree is dying on the right side of the image. Additionally, I used the eraser to get rid of the rough edges on the smoke. I then masked the dead grass that had shown through onto the right side in the previous draft and touched up the edge of the grass so it fit smoothly along the edge of the tombstone. I then worked to fix the font of the text. I ended up leaving the font of the facts the same because I think the original font I chose worked for them well. However I did edit the font of “Let’s Not Make Masks Permanent” I think the font I am now using stands out more and feels more assertive. I also used a slightly darker gray for all of the text because I felt like a darker gray would look better with the color scheme of the image. Overall, I am pretty happy with how my final draft turned out. 
